Qín Ruò Yǔ, you bitch
You dared to set me up
I’ll kill you
Ruò Yǔ, for the sake of
Our three years of feelings
Spare me one more time
Looks like
You still don’t understand your situation
Three months ago
You put me in jail
And tried to destroy me
A week ago
You used those same tactics
To threaten Qín Fēng
Wouldn’t death be too easy for you?
I want you to live worse than death
You did all this
Just for Qín Fēng?
Your parents
When they adopted Qín Fēng
Did they ever think there’d come a day
You two siblings would commit incest?
What the hell are you trying to say?
Outsiders don’t know Qín Fēng
Is the adopted son of Qín Shì
What do you think would happen if they found out
About the incest between you two siblings?
This incestuous affair
Wouldn’t everyone spit on you
And curse you to death?